ticdc: clarify rolling upgrade guidance (#22707)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-compatibility.md

wget https://tiup-mirrors.pingcap.com/pd-v8.5.5-linux-amd64.tar.gz \
  -O /tmp/pd-v8.5.5-linux-amd64.tar.gz
wget https://tiup-mirrors.pingcap.com/tikv-v8.5.5-linux-amd64.tar.gz \
  -O /tmp/tikv-v8.5.5-linux-amd64.tar.gz
wget https://tiup-mirrors.pingcap.com/tidb-v8.5.5-linux-amd64.tar.gz \
  -O /tmp/tidb-v8.5.5-linux-amd64.tar.gz

tiup cluster patch <cluster-name> /tmp/pd-v8.5.5-linux-amd64.tar.gz -R pd
tiup cluster patch <cluster-name> /tmp/tikv-v8.5.5-linux-amd64.tar.gz -R tikv
tiup cluster patch <cluster-name> /tmp/tidb-v8.5.5-linux-amd64.tar.gz -R tidb

# If the cluster also includes components such as TiFlash, TiProxy, or TiKV-CDC,
# run patch for each of them in the same way.

# 4. Resume all changefeeds after the upgrade is complete.
#    Run this command once for each changefeed.
tiup cdc:v8.5.5 cli changefeed resume \
  --server=http://<ticdc-host>:8300 \
  --changefeed-id=<changefeed-id>
```

> **Note:**
>
> `tiup cluster patch` can replace only one component at a time, so in step 3 you need to run it separately for each component that exists in the cluster.

### Upgrade recommendations for the TiCDC new architecture

> The TiCDC new architecture can keep changefeeds running during a TiDB rolling upgrade, but only if TiCDC was already using the new architecture before the upgrade.

Author: ```suggestion
The TiCDC new architecture can keep changefeeds running during a TiDB rolling upgrade, but only if TiCDC has already been using the new architecture before the upgrade.
```
